from 3.1.2 to 3.1.3
	. maintainer change to Andreas Kling <keso@impul.se>
	. added support for job control on BSD systems
	. fixed the shell on Tru64 UNIX
	. added terminal tab handling
	. added terminal keypad capabilities
	. separated handling of CR and LF (solves a number of problems)
	. added "ignorebreak" mode where ^C is ignored unless running a shell
	. added "beeps" to the .ytalkrc flag collection (applies to all beeps)
	. added internal memory management and tracking
	. restored compatibility with old talk daemons (broken in 3.1.2)
	. restored command line parsing (broken on many systems in 3.1.2)
	. removed debug code that broke terminal raw mode in 3.1.2
	. drop getlogin() for getpwuid()
	. removed logging(?) code

from 3.1.1 to 3.1.2
	. maintainer change to Jessica Peterson <angel@metawire.org>
	. fixed a possible buffer overflow regarding a oversized $HOME
	  when loading the configuration file
	. debug logger added
	. X support isn't compiled as default anymore
	. -x command line switch now enables X11 mode instead of disabling it.
	. scrolling is enabled by default
	. applied Debian patches:
	  - Now optionally prompts user before quitting (when using -q),
	    patch from Colin Watson <cjw44@flatline.org.uk>
	  - Reset handling of SIGCHLD for shells - patch from P. Maragakis
	   <Maragakis@mpq.mpg.de> following hints by Jason Gunthorpe
	. fixed maximum username length to 11 instead of 8
	. upgraded to autoconf 2.59
	. added parsing of long options

from 3.1 to 3.1.1
	. try to look for the current machine's fqdn if hostname() doens't
	  include a '.'
	. fixed the shell under Solaris (oops, broke it in 3.1!)
	. misc autoconf fixes
	. resizing didn't work with Linux and ncurses, fixed it
	. YTalk now checks that connections are answered form the expected host;
	  if they aren't, it complains and shows the new hostname
	. n-way talk sessions should now be free of duplicated users
	. fixed the "readdress" option somewhat
	. portability fixes for 64-bit machines (size_t instead of int)

from 3.1beta2 to 3.1
	. minor documentation updates

from 3.1beta1 to 3.1beta2:
	. config.h.in was missing a line for HAVE_IOVEC_H
	. redid the test for termios vs sgtty, making sure tcgetattr exists if
	  termios is to be selected
	. fixed 8bit-cleanness

from 3.0pl2 to 3.1beta1: 
	<this includes things that went into the various 3.0.3-8bit versions>
	. fixed line wrap inside shells (at the cost of breaking the specs in
	  term.doc slightly)
	. made ESC[r in shells
	. added the /dev/ptmx style of pty's, and some Solaris-specific code to
	  go with it
	. added -Y to ask for caps in yes/no questions
	. added -i to leave the incoming talks to the daemon
	. added the 'k' option to the main menu (kill all unconnected)
	. avoid clearing the window when the last partner ^C's on you
	. 8 bit clean (except for character 0xfe, which is the lower case
	  Icelandic thorn, b/c that is used as the delete char in ytalk, for
	  some reason)
	. always undesrtood both ^h and delete (^?) as delete chars
	. fixed annoying bug with UDP handling under Linux (that's where the
	  spurious "no talk daemon" messages were coming from!)
	. made ytalk send out fqdn's when passing users around, so the other
	  machine has a chance to resolve the address
	. use strerror() instead of sys_errlist, where available
	. redefine our own sockaddr_in, since BSD4.4 (and FreeBSD and friends)
	  use a different definition from what the talk daemons expect
	. split the "auto-rering" flag into "rering" and "prompt-rering"
	. added aliases for whole addresses, hostnames and login names
	. ported to GNU Autoconf
	. let the user save his own side of the conversation too
	. support virtual hosts and multihomed machines, by letting the user pick
	  which interface to use, and otherwise making a guess at it


